The power of prayers: Prayer is very important in the life of a christian, as a believer, your prayer

has great power because prayer is the communication between you and God, through prayer all

your request is made known to God. It is very important that when you’re asking the Lord, you

should ask Him in faith and don’t doubt because it’s only God that can give answers to prayer but

it depends on how your faith is, that will give you answers to your prayers. The Bible says in 1

John 5:14-15:And this is the confidence that we have in him, that, if we ask any thing

according to his will, he heareth us: And if we know that he hear us, whatsoever we ask, we

know that we have the petitions that we desired of him (KJV). There’s power in prayers but how

you direct your prayer is important, prayer isn’t about commanding the Lord or murmuring to

Him, NO! Prayer is about requesting the Lord for what you want just as the way a child ask

his/her father for what he/she wants. The Jesus says in Matthew 7:9-11: Or what man is there

of you, whom if his son ask bread, will he give him a stone? Or if he ask a fish, will he give him

a serpent? If ye then, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children, how much

more shall your Father which is in heaven give good things to them that ask him? (KJV).

Some prayers doesn’t get answered due to the fact of way it was uttered to the Lord, while

some prayers aren’t answered because it’s appointed time hasn’t come yet but that doesn’t

mean that the prayer has been denied. When Daniel prayed to God, God sent a massage saying

in Daniel 10:12:Then said he unto me, Fear not, Daniel: for from the first day that thou didst

set thine heart to understand, and to chasten thyself before thy God, thy words were heard,

and I am come for thy words (KJV). God answered Daniel prayer from that day, as I said earlier:

when you’re requesting from the Lord, you need to have a strong faith and believe that your

answer has been received. Jesus said in Mark 11:24:Therefore I say unto you, What things

so ever ye desire, when ye pray, believe that ye receive them, and ye shall have them (KJV).

Let tell you a real-life story:

There’s a man that was sick and he was shrinking so he went to the hospital and the doctor

told him he has diabetes and before you know it he couldn’t walk again, that’s how one of his friends

pay him a visit and took him to the church and the pastor told him that he should leave his

medication and go to the altar to confess his sin and he should also go for three days prayer,

and after the three days of prayers, his prayer got answer someone that could not even walk

became fit and drove himself home. What a wonderful God we serve, to tell you the power of

prayers is great, prayer is the key to our request to the Lord , as a believer is very important to

pray with ceasing, prayers work in a different way, some time it makes evil things flee from you,

and it also draw you closer to God, through prayer we achieve our goal. The Bible says in Philippians

4:6-7: Be careful for nothing; but in every thing by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving

let your requests be made known unto God.And the peace of God, which passeth all

understanding, shall keep your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus (KJV). The Lord says in

Jeremiah 29:11-15:For I know the thoughts that I think toward you, saith the Lord, thoughts of

peace, and not of evil, to give you an expected end.Then shall ye call upon me, and ye shall go

and pray unto me, and I will hearken unto you. And ye shall seek me, and find me, when ye

shall search for me with all your heart. And I will be found of you, saith the Lord: and I will turn

away your captivity, and I will gather you from all the nations, and from all the places whither I

have driven you, saith the Lord; and I will bring you again into the place whence I caused you to

be carried away captive.Because ye have said, The Lord hath raised us up prophets in Babylon (KJV).

I pray into your life these prayers:
1. Anointing of prayer without ceasing shall abide in you in Jesus mighty name.

2. The power of prayers shall over whelm you in Jesus mighty name Amen.

For more info: This post is officially realised on Kkychristianblog.com
